Update detection docs (#2335)
open-edge-platform/training_extensions: docs/source/guide/explanation/algorithms/object_detection/object_detection.rst

| `Custom_Object_Detection_Gen3_SSD <https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/training_extensions/blob/develop/src/otx/algorithms/detection/configs/detection/mobilenetv2_ssd/template.yaml>`_    |         SSD         | 9.4                 | 7.6             |
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------+---------------------+-----------------+
| `Custom_Object_Detection_Gen3_ATSS <https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/training_extensions/blob/develop/src/otx/algorithms/detection/configs/detection/mobilenetv2_atss/template.yaml>`_  |  MobileNetV2-ATSS   | 20.6                | 9.1             |
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------+---------------------+-----------------+

> Above table can be found by using command 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Above table can be found using the following command
```

| `Custom_Object_Detection_Gen3_ResNeXt101_ATSS <https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/training_extensions/blob/develop/src/otx/algorithms/detection/configs/detection/resnext101_atss/template_experimental.yaml>`_           |   ResNeXt101-ATSS   | 434.75              | 344.0           |
+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------+---------------------+-----------------+

`Deformable_DETR <https://arxiv.org/abs/2010.04159>`_ is `DETR <https://arxiv.org/abs/2005.12872>`_ based model, and it solves slow convergence problem of DETR. `DINO <https://arxiv.org/abs/2203.03605>`_ improves Deformable DETR based methods via denoising anchor boxes. Current SOTA models for object detection are based on DINO. 
Although transformer based models show notable performance on various object detection benchmark, CNN based model still show good performance with proper latency.

> Therefore we added a new experimental CNN based method, ResNeXt101-ATSS. ATSS is still show good performance among `RetinaNet <https://arxiv.org/abs/1708.02002>`_ based models. We integrated large ResNeXt101 backbone to our Custom ATSS head, and it shows good transfer learning performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, we added a new experimental CNN based method, ResNeXt101-ATSS. ATSS still shows good performance among `RetinaNet <https://arxiv.org/abs/1708.02002>`_ based models. We integrated large ResNeXt101 backbone to our Custom ATSS head, and it shows good transfer learning performance.
```
